Hello my Nicola

I made this for you:p

First of all, I want to thank you for all the things you've done, and i'll cite them here.

You altered 99% of my decisions as soon as I met you, I consider how you would feel about everything to the point that you unconsciously alter the way I decide, and 100% of those decisions worked.
You make me Pray. No need for an explanation:p
You made me confident about who I am and how i am, You made me do my best right about everything.
You corrected the mistakes I barely notice
You help me fall asleep when I couldn't
You made me take care of myself mentally, Physically and spiritually:p
You make my day a whole lot better when you're talking to me
You make me feel the love i've never experience before
You made me dedicate all the beautiful things to you
You make me remember you whenever a love song plays
You make me remember you whenever I see a poet about love
You forgave me
You believed me
You trusted me
You never judge me:p

and cons: YOU MAKE ME WORRY😡
Every beautiful things remind me of you:p

Thank you Nicola, You've done too much kindness to me i couldnt even list them all, may your life be the longest as for you to take care of our future kids:p

You don't know how much I love you, there's no such word to explain my love for you, it is ineffable. You make me smile while taking rice from the pot ekoi😒
Never in my life have i been introduced to a parent, I was always loved(?) but was never introduced. And you changed that, I could literally chitchat with your grandmother, and I would proceed to talk about how beautiful you are, Nicola.

Thank you, My forever, My soulmate, and My future wife<3
Palagi kang kumain nang ayos ha? uminom ng water and mag pahinga:p Mahal na mahal kita

THANK YOU, again & again, now word can express how thankful I am for you. thank you for accepting me, for trusting and believing me, ekoi

~ addition #1 10:07 10-07-24

Hays Nicola, we've known eachother for such a short time pero grabeng effort na pinapakita natin sa isa't isa, I hope na we stay this way forever, sobrang dami mo nang nabago sa 'kin, at nag bago ka din para sa 'kin, napapansin at naappreciate ko lahat nang yon Ekoi, sana alam mo, eheheh.

Mahal na mahal po kita, malapit na birthday mo, and excited na 'ko, kasi yun yung araw na pinanganak yung pinaka mamahal ko, magiging asawa at Ina ng mga anak ko:p — I may not be as well and good as you when it comes to writings Ekoi, pero I try my best to express myself, and how I feel for you this way, sana naiintidihan mo Ekoi ko.

I hope you know na genuine yung mga intentions ko saiyo, and I am here to marry you, as I said, suitor is someone who's courting a girl with an intention to marry hehe, I love you now, and I promise to love you forever—I hope the time comes where we would here "You look so beautiful in white" on Lord's Table, the churches corridors and I hope to dance you, even if hindi ako pala-sayaw, papraktisin ko yun in advance para lang saiyo ekoi, gusto mo ngayon na e🙄🥰

to end this addition, //Pinky promise:p

May Nicola live a long and happy life
